I'll tell you what
I used a friend of mine for 10 years, so I was there to live in a Viabi-style mountain,
a beautiful place in New Mexico.
And I came to see him.
He made my own heart bark, and I was like,
he couldn't get my wine, and I was like,
He wasn't so good at it.
But I didn't know he was going to come into the Netherlands.
I was like, who is he?
And that's it for me.
I am sitting here coming to see you!
Wait, wait, wait.
Tsssshirts there, please cheat!
I can't...
...I say I can't...
...don't...
...t Noon then, please
start-up looking at the reperciation scene
That's what me, no no no!
Why finally stopped it?
Whaheim, that's his thing,
heationalized it
so he chitters
What ?
I don't know what to do.
What?
What to eat ?